[Doc] Update the doc to mention dynamic resource update is not allowed. (#31664)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/scheduling/resources.rst

-------------------------

> By default, Ray nodes start with pre-defiend CPU, GPU, and memory resources. The quantities of these resources on each node are set to the physical quantities auto detected by Ray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ray nodes start with pre-defined CPU, GPU, and memory resources. The quantities of these resources on each node are set to the physical quantities auto detected by Ray.
```

By default, logical resources are configured by the following rule.

.. warning::

>     Ray **does not permit dynamic updates of resource capacities after a node has begun**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ray **does not permit dynamic updates of resource capacities after Ray has been started on a node**.
```

  Besides resource requirements, you can also specify an environment for a task or actor to run in,
  which can include Python packages, local files, environment variables, and more---see :ref:`Runtime Environments <runtime-environments>` for details.

Dynamic Resource Update
-----------------------

> Ray **does not allow to dynamically update cluster resources after a node starts**.

Reviewer 2: would resource capacities be clearer?

> Ray **does not permit dynamic updates of resource capacities after a node has begun**.

Reviewer: This should just be a warning in the above (like line 66), not a separate section since it looks a bit more weird

Author: addressed

> Ray **does not allow to dynamically update of resources capacities after a node starts**.

Reviewer 3: Nit:

"Ray does not allow resource capacities to be dynamically updated ..."

Reviewer 3: Ha ChatGPT says:

"Ray does not permit dynamic updates of resource capacities after a node has begun." 😄

Author: should I follow ChatGPT suggestion? lol

Author: addressed (as a chatgpt version)
